# Probabilistic Future Prediction for Video Scene Understanding
This EECV 2020 paper proposes a novel deep learning method for autonomous driving. This method controls a car and predicts the future only from video data. What does future prediction have to do with autonomous driving? Well, a lot.
 
Being able to predict possible scenarios does indeed help while driving, right? Predicting the future is one of the greatest capabilities of humans. While driving it helps you decide when to slow down, accelerate, or break. At an intersection, you know that another car may come from the left, or someone may cross the street. The car and the pedestrian could also interact with each other(*Multi-Agent interaction*). What will happen is not completely certain: there is no **one future** but there are **many** possible futures. This is why the authors handle this problem not as deterministic, but as probabilistic.

You may ask "has this not be done already? Why is this paper different?". You see, the problem of future prediction is by far not as popular as image classification, but of course it has already been addressed.  But previous works had limitations. They were not end-to-end methods. This means that they did not carry out the whole process from the beginning - from the sequence of 2D data -  to the end - to the prediction and the car controls. They also failed to model Multi-Agent interactions. Because they assumed dynamics agents such as vehicles and pedestrians to act independently from each other. And, they worked with low-resolution input or simulated and unrealistic data. As you can imagine, guessing what an image depicts it's not so easy if the image looks like the one on the left, instead of the one on the right. On top of that, using video frames from simulated or unrealistic data does simplify the task. So, even if the evaluation is still indicative, it is controversial whether the model is capable of facing real-life situations. Reality is indeed much more challenging, unpredictable, diverse, and complicated than a game or a simulation.
